# Audio-Image-Steganography

Problem Summary: 
The purpose of steganography is to hide a message from a someone you don’t want to see it.  Steganography works by changing bits of useless or bot used data in regular computer files (such as graphics, sound, text, HTML) with bits of different, invisible information. This hidden information can be plain text, cipher text, or even images. A steganography software tools allows a user to attach hidden data in a carrier file, such as an image or video, and sometimes it could be an audio , and later take off that data. It is not necessary to hide the message in the original file at all. Thus, it is not necessary to edit the original file and thus, it is hard to detect nothing. If a given part of the message is subjected to successive bitwise manipulation to generate the cyphertext, then there is no evidence in the original file to show that it is being used by a third party. to encrypt a file.

Methodology:
There were two types of steganography used in this project. First, hiding an audio file in a cover audio. Second, hiding a text in image. For the first Steganography type (audio-audio), we used high frequency manipulation method. Human ears can bear to hear frequencies ranging from 15 Hz up to somewhere between 15k and 20k Hz. Thus, high frequency manipulation method depends on leveling-up the frequency of the secret message signal to make it inaudible by human ears, then it is added to a cover audio. That means that, the cover audio signal will carry the secret message signal without it being heard. To facilitate dealing with signals, we used MATLAB. As for the second type (image-text), we used LSB method. This algorithm depends on hiding a message by storing its values in the least significant bit in the cover image’s bytes. Thus, the resulting image we look the same as the message is hidden in the least dominant color in the image. Since Python has easy and direct libraries to facilitate such task, we used it.

